fix(*): gRPC and cJSON's behavior to empty array (#10790)
Kong/kong: CHANGELOG.md

  [#10663](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/10663)
- **gRPC gateway**: `null` in the JSON payload caused an uncaught exception to be thrown during pb.encode.
  [#10687](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/10687)

> - **gRPC gateway**: fixed an issue that empty arrays in JSON response to be encoded as `"{}"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **gRPC gateway**: fixed an issue that empty arrays in JSON are incorrectly encoded as `"{}"`; they are
now encoded as `"[]"` to comply with standard.
```
